Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy doubt or fear. 
Growing up I didn't give my grandfather's photography a second thought. I wasn't involved in his work except that I helped my dad print his negatives. 
Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen. 
I used to write sonnets and various things and moved from there into writing prose which incidentally is a lot more interesting than poetry including the rhythms of prose. 
It was amazing to me that all of a sudden I was hearing my music on the radio and coming out of cars. 
Science does not permit exceptions. 
Food is for eating and good food is to be enjoyed... I think food is actually very beautiful in itself. 
Good things happen to those who hustle. 
An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows. 
Sincerity and competence is a strong combination.
Wisdom not only gets but once got retains. 
I appreciate and enjoy my age. 
Come come leave business to idlers and wisdom to fools: they have need of 'em: wit be my faculty and pleasure my occupation and let father Time shake his glass. 
No poems can please for long or live that are written by water drinkers. 
I try to make the good days great and take something positive from the days I'm not feeling good - work on technique or something like that. 
The greater the obstacle the more glory in overcoming it. 
Our language has wisely sensed the two sides of being alone. It has created the word loneliness to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word solitude to express the glory of being alone. 
I love spicy food. 
To me it's far more efficient to mobilize the imagination. It's far more efficient to hear a creaking step for example than to see the face of a monster which usually looks ridiculous and where you know that the blood is ketchup. 
And I will show that nothing can happen more beautiful than death. 
I played a lot of sports and it's the plays in basketball that weren't worked out that are the ones that are just fantastic that you remember. We don't know the power that's within our own bodies. 
All the knowledge I possess everyone else can acquire but my heart is all my own. 
Faced with what is right to leave it undone shows a lack of courage. 
It's amazing to hear as a voice matures and then starts to decline what kind of emotion is still conveyed by a really good vocalist. 
I have a theory and I really believe it. I think your worst weakness can become your greatest single strength. 
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear. 
There is no sincerer love than the love of food. 
I walk into a kids' store and it's amazing the types of instruments - little squeaky things rattling things spinning tops. 
I have a much wider freer view about spirituality. I feel that people need to pursue it on their own personally. You know let it be theirs - a personal relationship with their soul or their God or with their church. 
Never wear anything that panics the cat. 
We fear violence less than our own feelings. Personal private solitary pain is more terrifying than what anyone else can inflict. 
My mother always taught me even my dad just never let other people's opinions of you shape your opinion of yourself. And I never have and I never will. 
A painting that is well composed is half finished. 
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself. 
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. 
Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out. 
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet. 
Acting is a very personal process. It has to do with expressing your own personality and discovering the character you're playing through your own experience - so we're all different. 
Even when bad things happen you have to try to use those bad things in a positive manner and really just take the positive out of it. 
Nobody roots for Goliath. 
Happiness is no laughing matter. 
I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome but in not trying. It is liberating. Most people attach failure to something not working out or how people perceive you. This way it is about answering to yourself. 
Morality may consist solely in the courage of making a choice. 
My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all - the gift of unconditional love. They cared deeply about who we would be and much less about what we would do. 
Always tell the truth - it's the easiest thing to remember. 
When I moved out of my mom's house at 18 I was almost as sad to leave her sewing machine behind as anything else. 
The way Hollywood portrays mothers - you're either all good and saint-like or you're all bad. And I think the real honesty of motherhood is not given a voice in movies. I miss that as an audience member. 
Just like music sports elevates us to new levels of achievment. 
I think Bach is equally a romantic composer because he laid the seeds harmonically for people like Chopin and the great Romantics Brahms so it's difficult to you know all this like labelling and putting - I think Bach is attractive to musicians because he supersedes the labels. 
TV is chewing gum for the eyes. 
A real failure does not need an excuse. It is an end in itself. 
The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid stable business. 
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. 
There is something about poetry beyond prose logic there is mystery in it not to be explained but admired. 
The way to know life is to love many things. 
Doctors dressed up in one professional costume or another have been in busy practice since the earliest records of every culture on earth. It is hard to think of a more dependable or enduring occupation harder still to imagine any future events leading to its extinction. 
A wholesome oblivion of one's neighbours is the beginning of wisdom. 
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces I would still plant my apple tree. 
Life's pretty good and why wouldn't it be? I'm a pirate after all. 
I like to travel by myself. 
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. 
Never hurry. Take plenty of exercise. Always be cheerful. Take all the sleep you need. You may expect to be well. 
There is not a soul who does not have to beg alms of another either a smile a handshake or a fond eye. 
The Olympics are a wonderful metaphor for world cooperation, the kind of international competition that's wholesome and healthy, an interplay between countries that represents the best in all of us.
If you're not scared, you're not taking a chance. If you're not taking a chance, then what the hell are you doing?
Life's a game made for everyone, and love is the prize.
You've survived 100% of your worst days. It can only get better.
If one evening you feel sad enough to cry, look up. Your tears will not fall and the starry night may bring joy to your soul.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
If you're too worried about the mountain in the distance, you might just trip over the mole hill right in front of you. One day at a time.
Whenever you're sad, just remember that a pen will never be able to know what pizza tastes like, but you do.
All human wisdom is contained in these two words: wait and hope.
But how could you live and have no story to tell?
We began as wanderers, and we are wanderers still. We have lingered long enough on the shores of the cosmic ocean. We are ready at last to set sail for the stars.
Let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.
You are a burning lamp to me, a flame / The wind cannot blow out, and I shall hold you / High in my hand against whatever darkness.
Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter.
There are still faint glimmers of civilization left in this barbaric slaughterhouse that was once known as humanity.
If I am worth anything later, I am worth something now, for wheat is wheat, even if people think it is a grass in the beginning.
Mozart, Beethoven, and Chopin did not die. They simply became music.
A young man on a nearby rooftop released his pigeons, like dreams, into the dawn.
I know you cannot live on hope alone, but without it, life is not worth living.
Imagine! Imagine! The wild and wondrous journeys still to be ours.
At two o'clock in the morning, if you open your window and listen, / You will hear the feet of the Wind that is going to call the sun. / And the trees in the Shadow rustle and the trees in the moonlight glisten, / And though it is deep, dark night, you feel that the night is done.
Mind you, sometimes the angels smoke, hiding it with their sleeves, and when the archangel comes, they throw the cigarettes away; that's when you get shooting stars.
How far a little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world!
But then it passed, as all things do.
Goodnight and great love to you. We see the same stars.
A mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone.
Never forget what you are. The rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor, and it can never be used to hurt you.
If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect wood, and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.
In every encounter we either give life or we drain it; there is no neutral exchange.
Not all those who wander are lost.
A friend is someone with whom you dare to be yourself.
Fallacies do not cease to be fallacies because they become fashions.
An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered. An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
I have found a desire within myself that no experience in this world can satisfy; the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world.
One day, when he wipes away every tear, our faces will glisten more brilliantly than if we never would have cried.
Friendship flourishes at the fountain of forgiveness.
Most of your unhappiness in life is due to the fact that you are listening to yourself instead of talking to yourself.
The miracle isn't that I finished. The miracle is that I had the courage to start.
Fairy tales do not tell children the dragons exist. Children already know that dragons exist. Fairy tales tell children the dragons can be killed.
I was born for no other end but to repent.
He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain that which he cannot lose.
All grown-ups were once children... but only few of them remember it.
What makes the desert beautiful, is that somewhere it hides a well...
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.
Well, I must endure the presence of a few caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies.
You see, one loves the sunset when one is so sad.
Why does everything that's good for you have to taste so bad? 
To forget a friend is sad. Not everyone has had a friend.
You're not a man, you're a mushroom!
However things may seem no evil thing is success and no good thing is failure. 
A wise man should consider that health is the greatest of human blessings and learn how by his own thought to derive benefit from his illnesses. 
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living. 
The human body is the best picture of the human soul. 
Public opinion is no more than this: what people think that other people think. 
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. 
To withdraw is not to run away and to stay is no wise action when there's more reason to fear than to hope. 
I hope I am remembered by my children as a good parent. 
You find happiness where you find it. 
When the bright angel dominates out comes a great work of art a Michelangelo David or a Beethoven symphony. 
I think having children is the most amazing thing. 
The trouble with jogging is that the ice falls out of your glass. 
Keep cool my babies. 
I'm a total trash mammal!
Spaaaaaaaaaaaaace!
I'm in space!
Ah! Well, this is the part where he kills us.
The stars can stay up there and not give a shit about us, but this whale is pretty cool. 
We all make choices in life, but in the end, our choices make us.
Eels, honey. Eeeeeeeels.
Not knowing how something worked used to seem like…magic. Now not knowing means it might be going wrong and I may not be able to fix it.
Somebody hecked up the dudes!
Get over here!
What is better? To be born good or to overcome your evil nature through great effort?
The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world.
Stand in the ashes of a trillion dead souls, and asks the ghosts if honor matters. The silence is your answer.
Bring me a bucket, and I'll show you a bucket!
Wanting something does not give you the right to have it.
How many are there in you? Whose hopes and dreams do you encompass? Could you but see the eyes in your own, the minds in your mind, you would see how much we share.
It’s a funny thing, ambition. It can take one to sublime heights or harrowing depths. And sometimes they are one and the same.
A hero need not speak. When he is gone, the world will speak for him.
No gods or kings. Only man.
At the end of everything, hold on to anything.
It's time to kick ass and chew bubblegum... and I'm all outta gum.
Life is cruel. Of this I have no doubt. One can only hope that one leaves behind a lasting legacy. But so often, the legacies we leave behind...are not the ones we intended.
It's easy to forget what a sin is in the middle of a battlefield.
The courage to walk into the Darkness, but strength to return to the Light.
Who are you, that do not know your history?
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better.
Nothing is more badass than treating a woman with respect.
It's dangerous to go alone! Take this!
Nothing is true, everything is permitted.
Put your heart, mind and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but i can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Try to be a rainbow in someone else's cloud
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
What we think, we become.
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
A hero is someone who has given their live to something bigger than oneself.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.
Hey! Listen!
Wake me when you need me.
I believe in a universe that doesn't care, and people who do.
I used to be an adventurer like you, until I took an arrow to the knee.
S P A A A A A C E