Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy doubt or fear. 
I was half asleep lying there writing this lyric in my head at about 3:30 in the morning. I woke Steve up with this idea and then we went into the living room where there was a little upright piano and finished the song. I wonder where that piano is now? 
There was never going to be a right time for a band that was still recording and had health in its environment had made a very good record and was playing well. 
Perhaps it is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to provisions against danger real or pretended from abroad. 
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not the world is full of educated failures. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. 
For me the greatest source of income is still movies. Nothing - stocks financial speculation real estate speculation or businesses - makes more money for me than making movies. 
Growing up I didn't give my grandfather's photography a second thought. I wasn't involved in his work except that I helped my dad print his negatives. 
Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen. 
I used to write sonnets and various things and moved from there into writing prose which incidentally is a lot more interesting than poetry including the rhythms of prose. 
It was amazing to me that all of a sudden I was hearing my music on the radio and coming out of cars. 
Science does not permit exceptions. 
When they make a woman's picture they treat it like a 'woman's picture.' In the '40s they didn't treat Joan Crawford movies like that but as the big movies of their year. I'm upset that there's no 'Terminator' with a woman in Arnold Schwarzenegger's role. Because that would make just as much money. 
I really don't like to do back-to-back movies. I concentrate on things at home. My family and school life are important to me. I try to do one movie a year. 
One of the most amazing things about mathematics is the people who do math aren't usually interested in application because mathematics itself is truly a beautiful art form. It's structures and patterns and that's what we love and that's what we get off on. 
Scholastic learning and polemical divinity retarded the growth of all true knowledge. 
America's greatness is not found in the size of its government. America's greatness resides in the hearts and the minds of the people. 
Food is for eating and good food is to be enjoyed... I think food is actually very beautiful in itself. 
Good things happen to those who hustle. 
An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows. 
Sincerity and competence is a strong combination. In politics it is everything. 
Wisdom not only gets but once got retains. 
And what is liberty whose very name makes the heart beat faster and shakes the world? Is it not the union of all liberties - liberty of conscience of education of association of the press of travel or labor or trade? 
For David Parker and Daniel Parker with the respect and admiration of their father who grew up with them. 
I appreciate and enjoy my age. 
Come come leave business to idlers and wisdom to fools: they have need of 'em: wit be my faculty and pleasure my occupation and let father Time shake his glass. 
If we can produce more ethanol and bio-diesel to help fuel our vehicles we will create jobs boost local economies and produce cleaner burning fuels. This will keep dollars here at home where they can have a positive impact on our economy. 
No poems can please for long or live that are written by water drinkers. 
I try to make the good days great and take something positive from the days I'm not feeling good - work on technique or something like that. 
The greater the obstacle the more glory in overcoming it. 
I got very famous for a minute and then it just all went away you know? And for the last 20 years - you've got to pick yourself up and dust yourself off and then go on your merry way and start again in a sense and that's what I've been doing. 
Our language has wisely sensed the two sides of being alone. It has created the word loneliness to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word solitude to express the glory of being alone. 
I love spicy food. 
To me it's far more efficient to mobilize the imagination. It's far more efficient to hear a creaking step for example than to see the face of a monster which usually looks ridiculous and where you know that the blood is ketchup. 
And I will show that nothing can happen more beautiful than death. 
I played a lot of sports and it's the plays in basketball that weren't worked out that are the ones that are just fantastic that you remember. We don't know the power that's within our own bodies. 
All the knowledge I possess everyone else can acquire but my heart is all my own. 
Faced with what is right to leave it undone shows a lack of courage. 
It's amazing to hear as a voice matures and then starts to decline what kind of emotion is still conveyed by a really good vocalist. 
Yes all fundamentalists feel that in a secular society God has been relegated to the margin to the periphery and they are all in different ways seeking to drag him out of that peripheral position back to center stage. 
What's different here is that we have now technologies that allow these life science companies to bypass classical breeding. That's what makes it both powerful and exciting. 
I like 'Bewitched' off the first album because it's one of the happiest songs I've ever written and as any writer will tell you happy songs are a million times more difficult to write than sad songs. 
My hat was pulled down and this girl said 'Are you really him?' I whispered 'Yeah I'm really him.' She screamed 'Mom! Dad! It's Heath Ledger! 
Advertisers also know that humor can help bond us to their product. 
I have a theory and I really believe it. I think your worst weakness can become your greatest single strength. 
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear. 
Our managers hadn't had that kind of success - the record company hadn't we hadn't - and the feeling was that the next record had to be even bigger and if it wasn't it would be some kind of failure. 
I've been getting into Nick Drake lately the folk singer. Sad gorgeous stuff. 
Law describes the way things would work if men were angels. 
I think it's a terrible shame that politics has become show business. 
And I saw the sax line-up that he had behind him and I thought I'm going to learn the saxophone. When I grow up I'm going to play in his band. So I sort of persuaded my dad to get me a kind of a plastic saxophone on the hire purchase plan. 
I shall never be a heretic I may err in dispute but I do not wish to decide anything finally on the other hand I am not bound by the opinions of men. 
There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher. 
Close elections tend to break toward the challenger because undecided voters - having held out so long against the incumbent - are by nature looking for change. 
You can't have it both ways. You can't tell me that you're taxed enough already and that you want constitutional government and then in the next breath say 'Bring me home some bacon.' The pig has been picked clean. 
I'd like to be played as a child by Natalie Wood. I'd have some romantic scenes as Audrey Hepburn and have gritty black-and-white scenes as Patricia Neal. 
Not failure but low aim is sin. 
Yes'm old friends is always best 'less you can catch a new one that's fit to make an old one out of. 
I wasn't one to go out and buy a new car and stereo system and expensive clothes. My mom helped keep me grounded. 
Each person is living for himself his own happiness is all he can ever personally feel. 
There is no sincerer love than the love of food. 
When a book leaves your hands it belongs to God. He may use it to save a few souls or to try a few others but I think that for the writer to worry is to take over God's business. 
Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny. 
I walk into a kids' store and it's amazing the types of instruments - little squeaky things rattling things spinning tops. 
I have a much wider freer view about spirituality. I feel that people need to pursue it on their own personally. You know let it be theirs - a personal relationship with their soul or their God or with their church. 
I have a certain pool of subject matter that I like to write about things that interest me: politics religion ecology and relationships between men and women. And that's usually what I focus on. 
On the road to equality there is no better place for blacks to detour around American values than in forgoing its example in the treatment of its women and the organization of its family. 
Never wear anything that panics the cat. 
I loved Alien and I loved Carrie and I loved The Exorcist - those were big movies for me. They were just brilliantly done and unusual and they all took horror to some new place. 
Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers who can cut through argument debate and doubt to offer a solution everybody can understand. 
We fear violence less than our own feelings. Personal private solitary pain is more terrifying than what anyone else can inflict. 
My mother always taught me even my dad just never let other people's opinions of you shape your opinion of yourself. And I never have and I never will. 
A painting that is well composed is half finished. 
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself. 
I got a poster from Columbia Records and there's Miles Davis Charlie Mingus Ellington Count Basie - everybody in that poster has died I'm the only one left. And great players like Paul Desmond and Gerry Mulligan it's hard to believe they're gone because we were all so close. But I believe in the future and the tradition will go on. 
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet. 
Politics is not predictions and politics is not observations. Politics is what we do. Politics is what we do politics is what we create by what we work for by what we hope for and what we dare to imagine. 
The hardest thing about being in this business is just being able to be yourself. People act like there's this one set of rules to follow to be a pop star and I think 'Well you say I'm a pop star so maybe that's not true.' 
It is for each of us freely to choose whom we shall serve and find in that obedience our freedom. 
At the beginning of the 20th century the ambition of the great painters was to make paintings that were like music which was then considered as the noblest art. 
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. 
Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out. 
Well I've never left my faith - but have I made a lot of mistakes? But was I fortunate that I was brought up in that Pentecostal church where I heard about God's love and God's forgiveness. 
There's an adage that is an apt description of the new dynamic at work between brands and consumers connected through social media: People support what they help to build. But now that many brands are launching community-driven cause marketing campaigns the challenge becomes what to do next? 
But you know we have a very normal family. We've had our ups and downs. You know we've had our issues but we've had great cause for celebration. 
The intelligent man is one who has successfully fulfilled many accomplishments and is yet willing to learn more. 
Acting is a very personal process. It has to do with expressing your own personality and discovering the character you're playing through your own experience - so we're all different. 
Who loves raves. 
The idea that you can merchandise candidates for high office like breakfast cereal - that you can gather votes like box tops - is I think the ultimate indignity to the democratic process. 
My dad had a commercial film company so he had a videotape player before anyone. So he got Mel Brooks movies or Citizen Kane or some classic old movies. And every summer the revival house in Evanston would show the great films from the '50s and '60s and '70s. 
Getting rid of a delusion makes us wiser than getting hold of a truth. 
Sport was my absolute love. It was very sporty household. We had my - my brother and I both loved sports. 
My attitude is always one of sensuality aggressive enthusiasm and a kind of outrageousness in my expression. 
There is an anti-aging possibility but it has to come from within. 
One cannot wage war under present conditions without the support of public opinion which is tremendously molded by the press and other forms of propaganda. 
It's the most unhappy people who most fear change. 
I think Russian people are learning that democracy is not an alien thing it's not a western invention. 
Even when bad things happen you have to try to use those bad things in a positive manner and really just take the positive out of it. 
Nobody roots for Goliath. 
Happiness is no laughing matter. 
All my graduation money went to paying for bartending classes so I could have a side gig. I bartended for two months before I was supposed to move to New York and then two months later I got the job as an understudy in 'Sister Act' and haven't looked back since. 
I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome but in not trying. It is liberating. Most people attach failure to something not working out or how people perceive you. This way it is about answering to yourself. 
An organization's intelligence is distributed to the point of being ubiquitous. 
Morality may consist solely in the courage of making a choice. 
Today 80 percent of all the oil that comes out of the Gulf is from 1 000 feet or more and today almost a third of it is more than 5 000 feet below the surface. What hasn't happened is the safety and the ability to respond to a negative event such as this blowout has been far outrun by the technology of drilling itself. We need to close that gap. 
My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all - the gift of unconditional love. They cared deeply about who we would be and much less about what we would do. 
I've always had confidence. Before I was famous that confidence got me into trouble. After I got famous it just got me into more trouble. 
I mean there's enormous pressures to harmonize freedom of speech legislation and transparency legislation around the world - within the E.U. between China and the United States. Which way is it going to go? It's hard to see. 
Visual ideas combined with technology combined with personal interpretation equals photography. Each must hold it's own if it doesn't the thing collapses. 
I was so happy that it filmed in New York not only because it's an amazing city but also because a lot of people across the world somehow started to think about New York as a dangerous place to be and envisioned it as some war zone after that happened. 
The President in talking about freedom and democracy is sparking a wave of very positive democratic sentiment that might help us override both Islamic fundamentalism that has formed in that region and also some of the hatred for our policies of invading Iraq. 
Service is the rent we pay for being. It is the very purpose of life and not something you do in your spare time. 
And when I look at my mother I reflect on her strength and endurance. She's cranky sometimes but she is lovable and loving. I'd be happy to be there at 86. 
No theory is good unless it permits not rest but the greatest work. No theory is good except on condition that one use it to go on beyond. 
Courage stands halfway between cowardice and rashness one of which is a lack the other an excess of courage. 
I am involved in a freedom ride protesting the loss of the minority rights belonging to the few remaining earthbound stars. All we demanded was our right to twinkle. 
You have to wait for people to program you. The only difference is the amount of people that you're going to reach but that's going to even out in the next two or three years anyway. Computers are being bought faster than televisions right now. 
Always tell the truth - it's the easiest thing to remember. 
When I was building the Vietnam Memorial I never once asked the veterans what it was like in the war because from my point of view you don't pry into other people's business. 
I don't rehearse a lot. I try to keep it organic. Even in movies the less I rehearse the better I am. 
When I moved out of my mom's house at 18 I was almost as sad to leave her sewing machine behind as anything else. 
The 'anti-globalisation movement' is the most significant proponent of globalisation - but in the interests of people not concentrations of state-private power. 
The way Hollywood portrays mothers - you're either all good and saint-like or you're all bad. And I think the real honesty of motherhood is not given a voice in movies. I miss that as an audience member. 
Just like music sports elevates us to new levels of achievment. 
We've complemented that with a second office to think about how we need to prepare ourselves for that period 10 or 15 or 20 years from now by way of investment in our technology our organization and our people. 
On the same line of reasoning if Australians were to be Australians or rather if Australians were as separate from any other nation as Australia from any other land there would be no jealousy between them on England's account. 
I think Bach is equally a romantic composer because he laid the seeds harmonically for people like Chopin and the great Romantics Brahms so it's difficult to you know all this like labelling and putting - I think Bach is attractive to musicians because he supersedes the labels. 
Women are considered deep - why? Because one can never discover any bottom to them. Women are not even shallow. 
In the 18th century James Hargreaves invented the Spinning Jenny and Richard Arkwright pioneered the water-propelled spinning frame which led to the mass production of cotton. This was truly revolutionary. The cotton manufacturers created a whole new class of people - the urban proletariat. The structure of society itself would never be the same. 
Why not share with the world the way it is and tell them my feelings about my cat and how I played with my kids and how addicted to Christmas time I am and the smell of pine needles and hearing my kids laugh. 
TV is chewing gum for the eyes. 
A real failure does not need an excuse. It is an end in itself. 
I don't really plan to be a pop star I just want to be able to make music without the whole My Dad thing hanging over me which everyone in my position goes through. 
I just bought a Mac to help me design the next Cray. 
The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid stable business. 
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. 
There is something about poetry beyond prose logic there is mystery in it not to be explained but admired. 
The way to know life is to love many things. 
Doctors dressed up in one professional costume or another have been in busy practice since the earliest records of every culture on earth. It is hard to think of a more dependable or enduring occupation harder still to imagine any future events leading to its extinction. 
The pilot looked at his cues of attitude and speed and orientation and so on and responded as he would from the same cues in an airplane but there was no way it flew the same. The simulators had showed us that. 
It's more like Christmas you know when you get a shot in that looks great and it's exactly what you want. It's a great feeling and there's nothing like it. 
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder. 
Everything that goes up must come down. But there comes a time when not everything that's down can come up. 
Even God lends a hand to honest boldness. 
A wholesome oblivion of one's neighbours is the beginning of wisdom. 
I define nothing. Not beauty not patriotism. I take each thing as it is without prior rules about what it should be. 
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces I would still plant my apple tree. 
American credibility in the war on terrorism depends on a strong stand against all terrorist acts whether committed by foe or friend. 
Women like myself CEOs can pave the way for more women to get to the top. 
Throughout the centuries man has considered himself beautiful. I rather suppose that man only believes in his own beauty out of pride that he is not really beautiful and he suspects this himself for why does he look on the face of his fellow-man with such scorn? 
I enjoy trying to develop a car and Mercedes are one of the biggest car manufacturers in the world. 
There's something very beautiful and compelling about someone who has ambition and someone who knows what they want but it can get a little frustrating at times so I understand that. I have sympathy for that. 
Life's pretty good and why wouldn't it be? I'm a pirate after all. 
While the State exists there can be no freedom when there is freedom there will be no State. 
Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities. Truth isn't. 
The greatest threat to freedom is the absence of criticism. 
I do two things. I design mobile computers and I study brains. 
I have to say that anger is the blanket that comes around me and that blunts and blurs my sense of proportion. 
Although my dad Harry is the manager of West Ham we get on very well. 
The intellectual architecture means focusing on doing great work instead of focusing on agency politics. 
You're always close and you never get that big romantic lead. 
A person who has sympathy for mankind in the lump faith in its future progress and desire to serve the great cause of this progress should be called not a humanist but a humanitarian and his creed may be designated as humanitarianism. 
There's the issue of hunger and there's an issue of if you're going to cut out food programs. We should be focusing on healthy food. Right now fruits and vegetables are very expensive. So what can we do on the policy side to bring the cost of fruits and vegetables down? 
An order of government established by such an all-wise powerful being must be good and perfect and must be calculated to promote the permanent peace happiness and well-being of all his subjects. 
Here's a very good rule of thumb in politics: losing begets losing. 
If one must fight or create it is necessary that this be preceded by the broadest possible knowledge. 
Let us work without theorizing tis the only way to make life endurable. 
I have four strikes against me. I'm black I'm short I'm intelligent and I have a medical condition. 
The more I think about it the more I realize there is nothing more artistic than to love others. 
I'd love to go to art school. I'd love to learn how to draw. I'd love to be fluent in Spanish. I'd like to be a brain surgeon. 
I can't get my knickers in a twist about my age and ageing in an industry that caters to the ids of 14-year-olds. 
New York State is upside down and backwards high taxes and low performance. The New York State government was at one time a national model. Now unfortunately it's a national disgrace. Sometimes the corruption in Albany could even make Boss Tweed blush. 
My dad named me Dakota and my mom came up with my first name Hannah. So it's Hannah Dakota Fanning. 
More die in the United States of too much food than of too little. 
I like to travel by myself. 
We need a vibrant Medicaid program and strategies to expand affordable access to health care for all especially for the specialty care services that community health centers do not provide. 
I would say that IQ is the strongest predictor of which field you can get into and hold a job in whether you can be an accountant lawyer or nurse for example. 
There's something about the sound of a train that's very romantic and nostalgic and hopeful. 
Quantity in food is more to be regarded than quality. A full meal is a great enemy both to study and industry. 
All still lifes are actually paintings of the world on the sixth day of creation when God and the world were alone together without man! 
I have had death threats from people with fixations. 
For somebody famous it's weird anyway to meet someone because they have a preconceived notion of who you are. 
It is impossible to predict the time and progress of revolution. It is governed by its own more or less mysterious laws. 
It was sad when Sid Vicious died... I was freaked out when Phil Lynott died from Thin Lizzy. I cried. It was too crazy. 
Why do people talk of the horrors of old age? It's great. I feel like a fine old car with the parts gradually wearing out but I'm not complaining ... Those who find growing old terrible are people who haven't done what they wanted with their lives. 
The government I led gave ordinary people peace security dignity and opportunity to progress. 
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety. 
Without a Mayaguez or something comparable that we don't see in the immediate future there is probably no one thing the President can do to himself to turn this situation around. 
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. 
There is not a soul who does not have to beg alms of another either a smile a handshake or a fond eye. 
Private property was the original source of freedom. It still is its main ballpark. 
The thing about the 600 words I mean some day you can do a very very very hard day's work and not write a word just revising or you would scribble a few words. 
Equality is the public recognition effectively expressed in institutions and manners of the principle that an equal degree of attention is due to the needs of all human beings. 
The civil rights movement in the United States was about the same thing about equality of treatment for all sections of the people and that is precisely what our movement was about. 
Never hurry. Take plenty of exercise. Always be cheerful. Take all the sleep you need. You may expect to be well. 
Martin Luther King Jr. Day is a time to honor the greatest champion of racial equality who taught a nation - through compassion and courage - about democracy nonviolence and racial justice. 
I don't feel the need to direct. I tried to get other people to direct Dances but they wouldn't do it. They all thought it was too long. One director wanted to cut the Civil War sequence. Another thought the white woman was very cliched. 
Some broad themes brought me where I am today. At a very young age my hobby became thinking and finding connections. 
Small debts are like small shot they are rattling on every side and can scarcely be escaped without a wound: great debts are like cannon of loud noise but little danger. 
I have mentally overcome situations most of you would be terrified to ever attempt: heights fire needles spiders snakes angry monkeys being shot being hit by a car going blind - you name it I have been in a situation where I have had to mentally overcome my inherent fears to do my job. 
The more unique your film is and unusual it is and difficult it is the harder it is to get it financed. That's why a lot of good filmmakers are doing television. They do HBO movies. 
I've had at least my share of tragedy but I have had far more than my share of happiness. 
But friendship is the breathing rose with sweets in every fold. 
I think all women go through periods where we hate this about ourselves we don't like that. It's great to get to a place where you dismiss anything you're worried about. I find flaws attractive. I find scars attractive. 
There is a powerful need for symbolism and that means the architecture must have something that appeals to the human heart. There is a powerful need for symbolism and that means the architecture must have something that appeals to the human heart. 
Democratic principles are the result of equality of condition. 
My brand is a demography-breaker. It speaks to all homemakers and women from all walks of life and all across society. 
I think the pop chart today is entirely market-driven. And it has nothing to do with public taste. And it has nothing to do with moving music forward. It's simply a market chart. 
I really wanted to retire and rest and spend more time with my children my grandchildren and of course with my wife. 
The capacity for not feeling lonely can carry a very real price that of feeling nothing at all. 
The hippies wanted peace and love. We wanted Ferraris blondes and switchblades. 
God appoints our graces to be nurses to other men's weaknesses. 
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless. 
I'm terrible at horror movies by the way. I get scared so easily. 
Japanese traditional architecture is created based on these conditions. This is the reason you have a very high degree of connection between the outside and inside in architecture. 
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles. 
When the youth of America gets together amazing things happen. 
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay then it's you. 
It's cool just because I've had this dream of changing the sport of swimming and it's finally happening. 
I learned easily and had time to follow my inclination for sports (light athletics and skiing) and chemistry which I taught myself by reading all textbooks I could get. 
My goal is to get everybody in America to do their family tree. 
Some people know that they are so adorable looking all they have to do is smile and dress up and they get plenty from that. Then there are some of us who early on see that that doesn't work. So we joke about it. 
I don't feel particularly comfortable about actors using whatever power they may have to push their beliefs unless they're extremely well informed. 
Anybody who thinks money will make you happy hasn't got money. 
Consult your friend on all things especially on those which respect yourself. His counsel may then be useful where your own self-love might impair your judgment. 
I did direct two short movies. I learned many things and one of the things I learned was that I am not a director. It has to be visceral and it's not for me. I feel much more comfortable acting. 
No one succeeds without effort... Those who succeed owe their success to perseverance. 
All sympathy not consistent with acknowledged virtue is but disguised selfishness. 
My life has been a continuous fulfillment of dreams. It appears that everything I saw and did has a new and perhaps more significant meaning every time I see it. The earth is good. It is a privilege to live thereon. 
The future is called 'perhaps ' which is the only possible thing to call the future. And the important thing is not to allow that to scare you. 
No voice teacher can be all things to all people. You have to gain information from whatever sources you can. You have to listen. 
Don't ever dare to take your college as a matter of course - because like democracy and freedom many people you'll never know have broken their hearts to get it for you. 
Great events make me quiet and calm it is only trifles that irritate my nerves. 
Strong beliefs win strong men and then make them stronger. 
I think no artist can claim to have any access to the truth or an authentic version of an event. But obviously they have slightly better means at their disposal because they have their art to energize whatever it is they're trying to write about. They have music. 
If we want to talk about freedom we must mean freedom for others as well as ourselves and we must mean freedom for everyone inside our frontiers as well as outside. 
My education and background thoroughly inform my writing. 
If you have spent any time with Barack Obama you know he's a funny guy. He's a good guy. He knows sports. 
The older generation had greater respect for land than science. But we live in an age when science more than soil has become the provider of growth and abundance. Living just on the land creates loneliness in an age of globality. 
Wherever you write is supposed to be a little bit of a refuge a place where you can get away from the world. The more closed in you are the more you're forced back on your own imagination. 
One of the places where we lived when I was growing up had this big wood out the back. And starting when I was about 8 I used to enjoy just walking alone through the wood late. Eleven p.m. Midnight. Later. 
What helped me was I had people around me to remind me to help my country even when it did me wrong have respect for my people my family my nation and mankind. 
A lot of music is mathematics. It's balance. 
It is amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away. 
Live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart. 
Our dreams are a second life. I have never been able to penetrate without a shudder those ivory or horned gates which separate us from the invisible world. 
I'm thankful that I have lived long enough to become a legend and I hope I deserve it. 
When death comes it is never our tenderness that we repent from but our severity. 
Some people hear their own inner voices with great clearness. And they live by what they hear. Such people become crazy... or they become legend. 
In Dreams... well I was slightly overcompensating with that. I was a bit like a director for hire so maybe I was putting too much imagery that was familiar to me into it. 
Melanie Fiona is a singer a songwriter she's a super-girl. I can be silly goofy really chilled. She's like your cool chill girlfriend sister-friend. I'm just like everybody else. 
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer. 
I have a problem with censorship by the lawyer - by legal people by the publishing firm and I may be changing publishers. They don't seem to want to take too many risks with living people. 
For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others. 
Gratitude helps you to grow and expand gratitude brings joy and laughter into your life and into the lives of all those around you. 
The communication of the dead is tongued with fire beyond the language of the living. 
Any role that big is going to be a challenge for any actor but for an actor of a young age it's going to be even tougher. 
The way to have power is to take it. 
I try to read for pleasure whenever I can - it's a great way just to shut it off for a while so your brain doesn't get fried. 
It is impossible to work in information technology without also engaging in social engineering. 
Nothing goes by luck in composition. It allows of no tricks. The best you can write will be the best you are. 
The good news is that according to the Obama administration the rich will pay for everything. The bad news is that according to the Obama administration you're rich. 
Pet stores just sell their animals. 
What's got me excited about the education space is the growth of the Internet over the next 10 20 30 years. 
Ideology... is indispensable in any society if men are to be formed transformed and equipped to respond to the demands of their conditions of existence. 
And I think most people in this country want to see a president that's got the courage to say we're going to cut the tax burden and reduce the regulatory climate and we're going to get Americans working. 
War can only be abolished through war and in order to get rid of the gun it is necessary to take up the gun. 
Wolfgang Tillman's stunning large-scale pictures being shown for the first time were so offhand I failed to see them as art. 
I don't know if I've owned a piece of technology that I hated - I don't think I would have owned it then. 
The first breath of adultery is the freest after it constraints aping marriage develop. 
For the past two years President Obama has promised our children the moon stars rainbows unicorns and universal health care for all. But the White House Santa's cradle-to-grave entitlement mandates are a spectacularly predictable bust. 
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on. 
The law will never make a man free it is men who have got to make the law free. 
Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people. 
The food that enters the mind must be watched as closely as the food that enters the body. 
An architect should live as little in cities as a painter. Send him to our hills and let him study there what nature understands by a buttress and what by a dome. 
Friendship is mutual blackmail elevated to the level of love. 
Being in love is not cool! 
You see that's another thing that my parents gave me: an enormously great sense of humor. 
Truth is tough. It will not break like a bubble at the touch nay you may kick it about all day like a football and it will be round and full at evening. 
The point of departure of the process to which we wish to contribute is the fact that war is the natural reaction of human nature in the savage state while peace is the result of acquired characteristics. 
I just love bossy women. I could be around them all day. To me bossy is not a pejorative term at all. It means somebody's passionate and engaged and ambitious and doesn't mind leading. 
In the fight against terrorism national agencies keep full control over their police forces security and intelligence agencies and judicial authorities. 
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside dreams who looks inside awakes. 
I don't think it's possible to touch people's imagination today by aesthetic means. 
I often say the last role I played that really touched me and where I was able to access what I really am was Bonnie which is kind of sad when you think how early in my career that was. 
This generation... they have a different attitude. Instead of sitting and watching something they want to be a part of it - they're very hedonistic and sensual. 
I've played a lot of mothers in my movies. 
The old cathedrals are good but the great blue dome that hangs over everything is better. 
I just think we're living in a time of massive amazing change like the Industrial Revolution on acid. 
My parents were keen for me to have the education they themselves never had. They weren't able to guide me towards particular books but they encouraged me to read which I did randomly and compulsively. 
I think that's what's great about being an actress is you get to learn so many different things like that like learning a little bit of Tibetan here learning a Southern accent there. 
Technology has become as ubiquitous as the air we breathe so we are no longer conscious of its presence. 
Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose but no power to escape the necessity of choice. 
I started playing ball when I was a kid. My dad was a pro ball player and he passed on his knowledge to me. 
Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another. 
My mother told me Homer Ditto was not my father. Nope. Mom had had a fling with some other guy who was my dad. Some dude who didn't stick around too long who Mom was happy to get rid of. She chose Homer and Homer chose me so he lent me his name even though I didn't have his blood. 
We have a president who stole the presidency through family ties arrogance and intimidation employing Republican operatives to exercise the tactics of voter fraud by disenfranchising thousands of blacks elderly Jews and other minorities. 
Usually I write about what I care about which is a weakness but I think also a strength. 
Everyone I know who used to be in the intelligence community is moving into the corporate world. 
You're in pretty good shape for the shape you are in. 
If physical death is the price that I must pay to free my white brothers and sisters from a permanent death of the spirit then nothing can be more redemptive. 
This president has been reluctant to hold anybody accountable. No one was held accountable after September the 11th. Nobody's been held accountable after the clear flaws in intelligence leading up to the war in Iraq. 
There's nothing wrong with technology. It's when technology is the story and not the artist that's the problem. 
All art constantly aspires towards the condition of music. 
I wake up in the morning I do a little stretching exercises pick up the horn and play. 
I exercise every morning. I do light weights - 5lb and 10lb arm exercises - and then lie and lift my arms and legs. It's all about keeping core strength. I do a lot of stretching too. 
I'm not at the point where I'd feel safe in a house alone. I would be really scared. I'm the kind of person that when I get up to go use the bathroom I have this big long hallway and I just know someone's going to jump out and get me. 
Why fear death? It is the most beautiful adventure in life. 
Age imprints more wrinkles in the mind than it does on the face. 
The sole substitute for an experience which we have not ourselves lived through is art and literature. 
We do not know enough about how the present will lead into the future. 
I really haven't had that exciting of a life. There are a lot of things I wish I would have done instead of just sitting around and complaining about having a boring life. So I pretty much like to make it up. I'd rather tell a story about somebody else. 
God expects from men something more than at such times and that it were much to be wished for the credit of their religion as well as the satisfaction of their conscience that their Easter devotions would in some measure come up to their Easter dress. 
It is only an auctioneer who can equally and impartially admire all schools of art. 
This has always been the way of presidential politics. The president rises above the fray while his surrogates go on the attack. They throw the spears and fling the mud he sits upon the throne. 
The first feminine feature that goes with advancing age is the neck. 
It is rare to find a business partner who is selfless. If you are lucky it happens once in a lifetime. 
Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time. 
No man ever prayed heartily without learning something. 
To the degree we're not living our dreams our comfort zone has more control of us than we have over ourselves. 
People forget how outcast 'They Might Be Giants' can be. They have a reputation for writing really deft funny clever melodies and they also make a lot of music for kids which is terrific but when you see them in concert they can rock the house. 
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations. 
We live in a funny time. If you don't go corporate you can't compete. You're relegated as irrelevant. People used to admire that. 
The president just as any other American deserves a legal defense against personal lawsuits not related to his office. But the costs of that defense should be borne by him and not the taxpayer. 
Health care comprises nearly 20 percent of our national economy but outdated bureaucracy and red tape have stifled competition and raised costs. As a result today more than 45 million are without any health coverage. 
It's easy to underestimate the real cost of home ownership. 
If I want to be alone some place I can write I can read I can pray I can cry I can do whatever I want - I go to the bathroom. 
It was so draining. Going to parties to rub elbows with so-and-so and act like it's no big deal when really all I was doing was hoping I'd have the success they had. 
I do resent that when you're in the most cool powerful time of your life which is your 40s you're put out to pasture. I think women are so much cooler when they're older. So it's a drag that we're not allowed to age. 
The lake and the mountains have become my landscape my real world. 
I was famous from birth. 
The 2012 London Olympic Games fostered a generation of hope. I witnessed women participating for the very first time representing every nation. 
I could I trust starve like a gentleman. It's listed as part of the poetic training you know. 
The revenues of Cuban state-run companies are used exclusively for the benefit of the people to whom they belong. 
All who have accomplished great things have had a great aim have fixed their gaze on a goal which was high one which sometimes seemed impossible. 
Liberty cannot be preserved without general knowledge among the people. 
The question is what I wanted to do with the new life God has given me. This is the mission I want to take on. 
I got my diploma from Ealing College of Art in graphics and illustration. 
Men are amazing. I love the way they are. They're consistently little boys and they need to be nurtured and loved. But at the same time they need to feel like men. 
Listen in England people are already writing their memoirs at the age of 23. 
I think while all mothers deal with feelings of guilt working mothers are plagued by guilt on steroids! 
It was really amazing. I mean he'd never mentioned that he played in the symphony like serious violin playing not fiddle playing. And he just blew us away. 
There are only two things a child will share willingly communicable diseases and its mother's age. 
I have no other view than to promote the public good and am unambitious of honors not founded in the approbation of my Country. 
The trouble with Nixon is that he's a serious politics junkie. He's totally hooked and like any other junkie he's a bummer to have around especially as President. 
When I grew up there wasn't air-conditioning or anything of that nature and this old car had a wall thickness of about ten inches. So we had a little warmer house in the winter and a little cooler in the summer. 
I've been so fortunate in my life that my family has never been jealous of my success. They have shown true love and commitment to me by being supportive. They shared in it. 
I am conservative with a small 'c.' It's possible to be conservative in fiscal policy and tolerant on moral issues or questions of freedom of expression. 
If you went for a job interview in a Glasgow law firm they used to ask you what school you went to. And that was a way of finding out what religion you were. 
War is just a racket... I believe in adequate defense at the coastline and nothing else. 
If you go back to the Greeks and Romans they talk about all three - wine food and art - as a way of enhancing life. 
Sad old blokes I'm told now dream of me with a whip in hand. 
You never go into a marriage expecting to get divorced. You go into a marriage expecting it's going to last forever and you have a lot of ways you dream about the future. You have all these expectations and then you have to adjust those expectations and it can be a very unnerving confusing time. 
God didn't make a mistake when He made you. You need to see yourself as God sees you. 
It is to be noted that when any part of this paper appears dull there is a design in it. 
A friend of mine has a big farm in the desert and she picks up feathers and roadkill for me then makes it into clothes. I think it's cool to wear roadkill. If I died and somebody wanted to wear my teeth around their neck to VMAs I'd feel honored. 
Ground not upon dreams you know they are ever contrary. 
At Home in the World is the story of a young woman raised in some difficult circumstances and how she survives. It tells a story of redemption not victimhood. 
The Macau casinos have a wonderful business it's taking in money from Chinese businessmen elsewhere who send it through junky companies to casinos to gamble. The growth continues and they have basically western managers and western accounting so we trust the numbers a little bit more. 
One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low. 
My mother was predominately a stay-at-home mom. 
Architecture theory is very interesting. 
Friendship based solely upon gratitude is like a photograph with time it fades. 
You know what? I never really factor Hollywood into anything. I'm a black actor so I can't really control what Hollywood thinks. I gotta go do my thing and my jokes have got to be funny. Whatever I do has got to be great. 
Movies always are open to being remade because times change so much and the tempo of movies changes. I think of it like a James Bond. They can have different actors play the same role... I've had people come up to me and say 'We want to remake 'The Jerk' with so and so.' And I say 'Fine.' It just doesn't bother me. It's an honor actually. 
Friendship is a pretty full-time occupation if you really are friendly with somebody. You can't have too many friends because then you're just not really friends. 
If a man's character is to be abused there's nobody like a relative to do the business. 
I've got many close friends but there's an awful lot about friendship that is not demonstrative in my case. 
The chess player who develops the ability to play two dozen boards at a time will benefit from learning to compress his or her analysis into less time. 
The best things and best people rise out of their separateness I'm against a homogenized society because I want the cream to rise. 
People challenge my nerd cred all the time. I just show them the photo of me winning my middle-school science fair wearing my Casio calculator watch and eyeglasses so big they look like they can see the future. 
War is not the quintessential emergency in which man has to prove himself as my generation learned at its school desks in the days of the Kaiser rather peace is the emergency in which we all have to prove ourselves. 
It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live at all. And often enough our faith beforehand in an uncertified result is the only thing that makes the result come true. 
Violent behavior exists in one's psychological makeup much deeper than the level that receives information from television or movies. 
I have met a few Casanovas I like and a few I have not liked - and I hope to meet a few more. 
At one point I had to shove as much food in my body as possible to pack on calories. My trainer wanted me to do six meals a day and not go two hours without eating. If I would cheat on eating one day I could tell - I'd drop a few pounds. 
There is no hunting like the hunting of man and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it never care for anything else thereafter. 
Isn't it sad to go to your grave without ever wondering why you were born? Who with such a thought would not spring from bed eager to resume discovering the world and rejoicing to be part of it? 
When I look up and see a star I know my mom is there. She's with me all the time. It's a powerful connection. 
Beauty unlike the rest of the gifts handed out at birth does not require dedication patience and hard work to pay off. But it's also the only gift that does not keep on giving. 
It seems every year people make the resolution to exercise and lose weight and get in shape. 
My gut feelings and my faith tell me that until God shuts a door no human can shut it. 
Find patience in the breath of life. 
As human beings we do change grow adapt perhaps even learn and become wiser. 
You know men and women are a lot alike in certain situations. Like when they're both on fire - they're exactly alike. 
The movies I made early on may not have been great but they were all commercially successful. 
When you start falling for somebody and you can't stop thinking about when you're going to see them again I love that. Women are beautiful. They deserve to be cherished and respected. 
I wish I had been more prepared both for success and for failure when I was younger. 
The Internet has changed the way we communicate with each other the way we learn about the world and the way we conduct business. 
Hip-hop is still cool at a party. But to me hip-hop has never been strictly a party it is also there to elevate consciousness. 
Some men like to make a little garden out of life and walk down a path. 
There may be a great fire in our hearts yet no one ever comes to warm himself at it and the passers-by see only a wisp of smoke. 
The speed of communications is wondrous to behold. It is also true that speed can multiply the distribution of information that we know to be untrue. 
I wish I'd gotten sober at a younger age. 
My sisters like cooking at my place. It has a bit more room and the food tastes a little bit better. A big pot of spaghetti and sauce some warm French bread - works all the time. I think I've been eating pasta for 26 years. 
Government is force pure and simple. There's no way to sugar-coat that. And because government is force it will attract the worst elements of society - people who want to use government to avoid having to earn their living and to avoid having to persuade others to accept their ideas voluntarily. 
The impulse to cruelty is in many people almost as violent as the impulse to sexual love - almost as violent and much more mischievous. 
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task since it consists principally in dealing with men. 
The only failure is not to try. 
It's cool for me because I'm a director but I'm also a teacher. I'm a lover of cinema and I love working with people who are hungry and have the energy to really do better work. 
I've been a very lucky guy. I played on championship teams. I played for Canada. I've won some awards and I'm very proud of those accomplishments. But I don't think there's anything greater than to come home and to be recognized at home. This is the pinnacle. 
There is no absurdity so palpable but that it may be firmly planted in the human head if you only begin to inculcate it before the age of five by constantly repeating it with an air of great solemnity. 
Countries across the world are taking action now to help them track paedophiles and terrorists who abuse new technology to plot their horrific crimes. 
Intellectually I know that America is no better than any other country emotionally I know she is better than every other country. 
Once you start doing only what you've already proven you can do you're on the road to death. 
My mom and I had the same vision and we want the same things. We would always make a goal list every year. 
Well it was actually - I brought the idea of doing a documentary to HBO back in 2000 when there were some press reports sort of were bandied about that there were going to TV movies based on some of the books that were out. 
I had my boy in Boston on Easter Sunday. That kills me from a sports perspective. He's a Boston baby and I'm a New York guy. 
Friendship is unnecessary like philosophy like art... It has no survival value rather it is one of those things that give value to survival. 
Why go for a costly sickly mass-produced purebred when shelters are full of one-of-a-kind mixed breeds who are literally dying for a home? 
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work. 
No one really wants to admit they are lonely and it is never really addressed very much between friends and family. But I have felt lonely many times in my life. 
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. 
In poetry everything which must be said is almost impossible to say well. 
If the presence of electricity can be made visible in any part of the circuit I see no reason why intelligence may not be transmitted instantaneously by electricity. 
Globalization was a deep trend pushed by technology and right ideas as much as anything else. 
Thoughtless risks are destructive of course but perhaps even more wasteful is thoughtless caution which prompts inaction and promotes failure to seize opportunity. 
Col. Shaffer is prohibited by his lawyer from talking. He's at great risk. They want to take away his pay and his health care benefits so they can hold it over his head and not allow him to talk while he's under suspension. This is not America. 
What's the use of happiness? It can't buy you money. 
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity. 
When I was born I was so ugly the doctor slapped my mother. 
Today we affirm a new commitment to live out our nation's promise through civility courage compassion and character. 
There is little difference in people but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative. 
I come from hardworking determined people on both sides of my family... the kind who live with a hard reality from which much strength comes. 
The government can only be brought down because it alienates several parties in the House. 
Mysticism and exaggeration go together. A mystic must not fear ridicule if he is to push all the way to the limits of humility or the limits of delight. 
I guess maybe I try to make movies that are closer to real life than are many Hollywood movies. But I still try to stay within a commercial narrative a contemporary American vernacular. 
The most successful person is the one who is most inspired. That is true in food and in life. 
My father was the quintessential husband and dad. 
No evil can happen to a good man either in life or after death. 
Our system provides for a winner to take office on January 20th and he is expected to take command of the ship of state. Failure to do so characterized by hesitation and indecision will harm the national interest. 
The decision to write in prose instead of poetry is made more by the readers than by writers. Almost no one is interested in reading narrative in verse. 
I'm a person that just likes to speak the truth and I don't understand why in America it's such a big deal that we won't read the Koran and we won't look at history. 
It makes a great deal of difference whether one wills not to sin or has not the knowledge to sin. 
When one by one our ties are torn and friend from friend is snatched forlorn when man is left alone to mourn oh! then how sweet it is to die! 
In the long run men hit only what they aim at. Therefore they had better aim at something high. 
In my right-wing politics of the time I held that unemployment was usually the fault of the unemployed. 
We cannot banish dangers but we can banish fears. We must not demean life by standing in awe of death. 
If your neighbors think you're a detective because a cop always brings you home you might be a redneck. 
What sculpture is to a block of marble education is to the soul. 
I have pretty thick skin and I think if you're going to be in this business if you're going to be an actor or a writer you better have a thick skin. 
I am always locked in my design studio. 
Get up tomorrow early in the morning and earlier than you did today and do the best that you can. Always stay near me for tomorrow I will have much to do and more than I ever had and tomorrow blood will leave my body above the breast. 
I burnt myself out of skating. I was ready to focus on being a mom. 
No enterprise can exist for itself alone. It ministers to some great need it performs some great service not for itself but for others or failing therein it ceases to be profitable and ceases to exist. 
51st State was one that I loved doing because the character was so out there and in a way I was sad to leave the character behind. I'm afraid I could never be that cool in real life! 
Negro banks as a rule have failed because the people taught that their own pioneers in business cannot function in this sphere withdrew their deposits. 
Before marriage a man declares that he would lay down his life to serve you after marriage he won't even lay down his newspaper to talk to you. 
My goal in the beginning was to buy my mother a house. Now I realize okay if I really focus and become a key player in business then I can build an empire. 
There are two things people want more than sex and money... recognition and praise. 
It is not death but dying which is terrible. 
There is science logic reason there is thought verified by experience. And then there is California. 
One could write a history of science in reverse by assembling the solemn pronouncements of highest authority about what could not be done and could never happen. 
Artists themselves are not confined but their output is. 
A lot of people are obsessed with looking cool. They feel they have to look after their image. 
All my life I've looked at words as though I were seeing them for the first time. 
Many believe - and I believe - that I have been designated for this work by God. In spite of my old age I do not want to give it up I work out of love for God and I put all my hope in Him. 
You can forgive people who do not follow you through a philosophical disquisition but to find your wife laughing when you had tears in your eyes or staring when you were in a fit of laughter would go some way towards a dissolution of the marriage. 
You used to have to sing and convey emotion and now well technically you can do anything with technology. It sucks for music today but that's why that old music feels so good to me. 
I like the beauty of Faulkner's poetry. But I don't like his themes not at all. 
An artist cannot fail it is a success to be one. 
My mom has always said that if I get a big head she'll take me out of this business as quickly as I got into it. 
I have spent all my life under a Communist regime and I will tell you that a society without any objective legal scale is a terrible one indeed. But a society with no other scale but the legal one is not quite worthy of man either. 
Hurry conscious younger people! Get to power quickly so political decisions can be based on the greater good for all rather than the greater gain for few. Hurry before it is too late! 
I am a serious food lover and Peruvian cuisine is one of the best in the world. 
I can't predict the future and I don't have respect for people who try to. 
Here's a news flash: No soldier gives his life. That's not the way it works. Most soldiers who make a conscious decision to place themselves in harm's way do it to protect their buddies. They do it because of the bonds of friendship - and it goes so much deeper than friendship. 
Life is the art of being well deceived and in order that the deception may succeed it must be habitual and uninterrupted. 
So many of our dreams at first seem impossible then they seem improbable and then when we summon the will they soon become inevitable. 
To that class we may leave it to refine the vernacular dialects of the country to enrich those dialects with terms of science borrowed from the Western nomenclature and to render them by degrees fit vehicles for conveying knowledge to the great mass of the population. 
In every parting there is an image of death. 
I thought a vegan diet would be too difficult being on the road so much but it's been far easier than I thought. 
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. 
Am I athletic? In my dreams. 
Nature never deceives us it is we who deceive ourselves. 
For me love is happiness and inspiration. 
God didn't make a mistake when He made you. You need to see yourself as God sees you. 
My dad was an engineer and so I had this picture of science and technology and pursuits of the mind as being more impressive than artistic pursuits which I saw a as kind of frivolous. 
There are no dreams too large no innovation unimaginable and no frontiers beyond our reach. 
When people ask me about my story I just go through the positive stuff: the tent-pole moments the big landmark checkpoints. 
Hold fast to dreams for if dreams die life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly. 
Although Kurt Vonnegut may not be considered a humor writer 'Breakfast of Champions' is one of the funniest books I've ever read. 
Belief and knowledge are considered to be two different things. But they are not. 
I have six locks on my door all in a row. When I go out I lock every other one. I figure no matter how long somebody stands there picking the locks they are always locking three. 
My curiosity and my appetite for evolving as an actor is one of the main components of me still working today in the business. 
Our country is now geared to an arms economy bred in an artificially induced psychosis of war hysteria and an incessant propaganda of fear. 
Some major writers have a huge impact like Ayn Rand who to my mind is a lousy fiction writer because her writing has no compassion and virtually no humor. She has a philosophical and economical message that she is passing off as fiction but it really isn't fiction at all. 
Just as a mother finds pleasure in taking her little child on her lap there to feed and caress him in like manner our loving God shows His fondness for His beloved souls who have given themselves entirely to Him and have placed all their hope in His goodness. 
We have today a fairly thorough knowledge of the early Greco-Roman period because our motivations are the same. 
The accumulation of numbers always augments in some measure moral corruptions and the consequences to health of the various vices incident thereto are well known. 
I hid myself in food. 
I live a dual life. On the red carpet it's complete glam. But at home I'm a jeans and T-shirt kind of girl. Simple can be beautiful. 
I once had a boyfriend who couldn't write unless he was wearing a necktie and a dress shirt which I thought was really weird because this was a long time ago and no one I knew ever wore dress shirts let alone neckties it was like he was a grown-up reenacter or something. 
The decision to kiss for the first time is the most crucial in any love story. It changes the relationship of two people much more strongly than even the final surrender because this kiss already has within it that surrender. 
My dad liked to boil a squirrel head and suck the brains out the nose. Smaller than a chicken bigger than a rat. 
I arise full of eagerness and energy knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me. 
A serious and good philosophical work could be written consisting entirely of jokes. 
I hope there have been times when I made you all proud or made you all smile or at least piqued your interest in this wonderful institution we call government. 
Among the New Hollanders whom we were thus engaged with there was one who by his appearance and carriage as well in the morning as this afternoon seemed to be the chief of them and a kind of prince or captain among them. 
The flowers anew returning seasons bring but beauty faded has no second spring. 
To maximize our potential to enhance our health and our knowledge we should remain open to new understanding and evolving technology or resources that might inspire a change in our approach to these important questions. 
I would often find myself at the age of 21 at midnight running down a dark street on my own with 10 men chasing me. And the fact they had cameras in their hands made that legal. 
I'm left handed but my dad taught me to play guitar right-handed. 
Age does not protect you from love. But love to some extent protects you from age. 
He who possesses art and science has religion he who does not possess them needs religion. 
It's a great mistake I think to put children off with falsehoods and nonsense when their growing powers of observation and discrimination excite in them a desire to know about things. 
Happiness was not made to be boasted but enjoyed. Therefore tho others count me miserable I will not believe them if I know and feel myself to be happy nor fear them. 
If you want to increase your success rate double your failure rate. 
In addition I'll be attending women's health expos and medical conferences with the goal to promote dialogue between women and their health-care providers. 
Unless we love and are loved each of us is alone each of us is deeply lonely. 
I received my undergraduate degree in engineering in 1939 and a Master of Science degree in mathematical physics in 1941 at Steven Institute of Technology. 
The corporate woman has been defined as the 'liberated woman' and I see that as the exact opposite. I think she now is more enslaved maybe even more than the housewife was because she's so out of her power and imitating male power is not female power. 
Things have gone beyond my wildest expectations and dreams and I feel like I've been given so many blessings in my life between my friendship with the guys in the band our wonderful audience being able to play this music and then my family. 
Personal relationships are the fertile soil from which all advancement all success all achievement in real life grows. 
Good humor isn't a trait of character it is an art which requires practice. 
And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet. 
The president has declared that the debate over government-controlled health care is over. That will come as news to the millions of Americans who will elect Mitt Romney so we can repeal Obamacare. 
The Internet has changed everything. We expect to know everything instantly. If you don't understand digital communication you're at a disadvantage. 
I guess maybe I try to make movies that are closer to real life than are many Hollywood movies. But I still try to stay within a commercial narrative a contemporary American vernacular. 
Only in growth reform and change paradoxically enough is true security to be found. 
It is with trifles and when he is off guard that a man best reveals his character. 
I merged those two words black and feminist because I was surrounded by black women who were very tough and and who always assumed they had to work and rear children and manage homes. 
Life and death have been lacking in my life. 
I was labeled at a young age - Miss Unemotional Miss Cool and that would carry over to my press conferences. 
Fulfill - you can far more than fulfill - the brightest anticipations of those who in the name of human freedom and in the face of threats that have ripened into terrible realities since fought that battle which placed you where you now stand. 
That which is not good for the bee-hive cannot be good for the bees. 
But the Western countries that link their partnership with the poorest countries with respect for democracy also have to consider that they have obligations towards these countries. 
Women as they grow older rely more and more on cosmetics. Men as they grow older rely more and more on a sense of humor. 
Measures must always in a progressive society be held superior to men who are after all imperfect instruments working for their fulfilment. 
Beauty is worse than wine it intoxicates both the holder and beholder. 
Your success depends mainly upon what you think of yourself and whether you believe in yourself. 
I support gay marriage. I support gay marriage because I believe Conservatives support the institutions of commitment. 
To create the power of competence without creating a corresponding direction to guide the use of that power is bad education. 
May there always be peace love and happiness in every house. 
Libraries allow children to ask questions about the world and find the answers. And the wonderful thing is that once a child learns to use a library the doors to learning are always open. 
My character Lena is somebody who responds to people in a very simple way. I didn't have to take myself off to a darkened room to concentrate I just had to try and be open. It's an interesting subtle relationship. 
I have shared my whole life. My private and my show business life. It helps me actually to feel my songs and to go on with my dreams. 
What we have to do what at any rate it is our duty to do is to revive the old art of Lying. 
A molecular manufacturing technology will let us build molecular surgical tools and those tools will for the first time let us directly address the problems at the very root level. 
I might do 'X Factor' next year. It's looking good that I won't get the sack at Christmas. 
God has blessed me. I've been given a lot. I'm at peace with myself. It's time to give back. 
I've lost my faith in science. 
You can be self-empowered and still learning about how you think about things daily. 
In terms of my marriage you know falling in love with my husband was by far the best thing that's ever happened to me. 
I really don't think life is about the I-could-have-beens. Life is only about the I-tried-to-do. I don't mind the failure but I can't imagine that I'd forgive myself if I didn't try. 
It is possible in this world to be pretty and funny and successful all at the same time. 
I hasten to laugh at everything for fear of being obliged to weep. 
Faith is not believing that God can. It is knowing that God will. 
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds. 
If to live is to progress if you are lucky from foolishness to wisdom then to write novels is to broadcast the various stages of your foolishness. 
Every parent is at some time the father of the unreturned prodigal with nothing to do but keep his house open to hope. 
Keep cool my babies. 
Looking in the mirror to check if my tie is straight is a waste of my time. I only look in the mirror once a day and that's in the morning when I shave. 
Do feminists have a sense of humor? Yes. 
Generally I like making my own mistakes and learning from them because that's what I think life is about. 
You can't trust a promise someone makes while they're drunk in love hungry or running for office. 
If you keep thinking about what you want to do or what you hope will happen you don't do it and it won't happen. 
This communication alone by the comparison of the antagonisms rivalries movements which give birth to decisive moments permits the evolution of the soul whereby a man realizes himself on earth. It is impossible to be concerned with anything else in art. 
Cats have a scam going - you buy the food they eat the food they go away that's the deal. 
America is the greatest nation ever founded. The ideals are the greatest ever espoused in human history and we just need the country to live up to them. But what I worry about are the 1 million black men in the prison system. 
Yoga is almost like music in a way there's no end to it. 
If this is not done future ages will certainly look back upon us as a people so immersed in the pursuit of wealth as to be blind to higher considerations. 
I have found that being honest is the best technique I can use. Right up front tell people what you're trying to accomplish and what you're willing to sacrifice to accomplish it. 
For a long time all I wanted for Christmas were books about outdoor survival. I was convinced that the woods were calling me. I camped a lot I took classes. At 18 I told myself if I don't live in the woods by myself by the time I'm 25 I have failed. 
I've always thought that as long as directors and casting directors don't see me as just Harry Potter I'll be OK. People have shown a lot of faith in me and I owe them a huge debt. They're letting me prove that I'm serious about this. 
Once to every person and nation come the moment to decide. In the conflict of truth with falsehood for the good or evil side. 
I don't really know any other musicians like me. I grew up backstage with my dad who played in a post-war dance band so I always feel at home at a venue. 
I would also like to act once in a while but not get up every morning at 5:30 or six o'clock and pound into the studio and get home at 7:30 or eight o'clock at night or act over and over and over every night on Broadway either. 
Friendship is a disinterested commerce between equals love an abject intercourse between tyrants and slaves. 
In the theatre people talk. Talk talk until the cows come home about journeys of discovery and about what Hazlitt thought of a line of Shakespeare. I can't stand it. 
I like American women. They do things sexually Russian girls never dream of doing - like showering. 
When the bright angel dominates out comes a great work of art a Michelangelo David or a Beethoven symphony. 
I think having children is the most amazing thing. 
The trouble with jogging is that the ice falls out of your glass. 
The 4th Amendment and the personal rights it secures have a long history. At the very core stands the right of a man to retreat into his own home and there be free from unreasonable governmental intrusion. 
When you say 'design ' everybody thinks of magazine pages. So it's an emotive word. Everybody thinks it's how something looks whereas for me design is pretty much everything. 
I want the French people to respect values that allow each individual to practice his or her faith but in the frame of our common rules of secularism. 
In antiquity the sage kings recognized that men's nature is bad and that their tendencies were not being corrected and their lawlessness controlled. 
My feelings for Ellen overrode all of my fear about being out as a lesbian. I had to be with her and I just figured I'd deal with the other stuff later. 
To see your friend's dreams come true there's really nothing that can make you happier. 
The vampire was a complete change from the usual romantic characters I was playing but it was a success. 
The life of a man consists not in seeing visions and in dreaming dreams but in active charity and in willing service. 
The public has lost faith in the ability of Social Security and Medicare to provide for old age. They've lost faith in the banking system and in conventional medical insurance. 
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth follow only beauty and obey only love. 
Extremists think 'communication' means agreeing with them. 
I believe though I do not comprehend and I hold by faith what I cannot grasp with the mind. 
When the Grateful Dead needed a quality sound system to deliver our sonic payload I learned electronics and speaker design. 
I am confident that nobody... will accuse me of selfishness if I ask to spend time while I am still in good health with my family my friends and also with myself. 
When did I know I had talent? I think it started when I first started playing sports organized sports. 
There was a time I was very much blaming the way I felt on L.A that it was a vacuum of creativity of humor or anything organic and I was really angry at the place. But then today I feel completely different - I love L.A.! 
I don't think rap really fits in to 'American Idol' in the sense that I believe rap is an art form in itself more akin to poetry more akin to drama if you will. 
Had it not been for slavery the death penalty would have likely been abolished in America. Slavery became a haven for the death penalty. 
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold it would be a merrier world. 
Any system of religion that has anything in it that shocks the mind of a child cannot be true. 
If you look just at the decades after 1934 you know it's hard to point to really inspired and positive support from outside of Haiti to Haiti and much easier to point to either small-minded or downright mean-spirited policies. 
A life lived with integrity - even if it lacks the trappings of fame and fortune is a shining star in whose light others may follow in the years to come. 
Strivers achieve what dreamers believe. 
There is just no comparison between having a dinner date with a man and staying home playing canasta with the girls. 
The stars that nature hung in heaven and filled their lamps with everlasting oil give due light to the misled and lonely traveller. 
It is not with architecture that one can disseminate any political ideology. 
I think young writers should get other degrees first social sciences arts degrees or even business degrees. What you learn is research skills a necessity because a lot of writing is about trying to find information. 
When I decided to get married at 40 I couldn't find a dress with the modernity or sophistication I wanted. That's when I saw the opportunity for a wedding gown business. 
Well just meeting J. K. Rowling was amazing because she created all this world. And all the fans we all get so obsessed with it and then you met the one person who made it all up. It was just so amazing. And I was just so amazed that that she wrote this book and all of the films have happened. 
I mean I really liked those guys and the experience of doing Raiders was really good for me but I did not really want to be involved - I only did Jedi as I really owed George a favor. 
The biggest fear I have is to die with regrets and of course that will come true. 
My mom and my father's birthday are on the same day. 
The doctrine of the Kingdom of Heaven which was the main teaching of Jesus is certainly one of the most revolutionary doctrines that ever stirred and changed human thought. 
Mr. Janet Reno? I think Mr. Janet Reno... I think he's one of the best hunting dogs in the world. 
What we're discussing privately and publicly is a budget which is a blueprint for the future which creates jobs which educates our children which provides healthcare for all Americans which takes our deficit down which gives a tax cut for 95% of the American people. 
I think it's important that as a matter of course the brain and spinal column were removed from this cow and that would be the material that would cause concern in terms of human health. And therefore we're confident in the safety of the food supply. 
The best remedy for a short temper is a long walk. 
I hate it when people don't recognize the work of women as being universal or having any import to the world at large as opposed to men's work which is generally tends to be seen as more universal - men's writing about their own experience tends to be put in a broader context. 
If we don't like what the Republicans do we need to get in there and change it. 
People don't associate red hair pale skin and freckles with beauty. 
There is one thing stronger than all the armies in the world and that is an idea whose time as come. 
Be able to live alone even if you don't want to and think you will never find it necessary. 
The fact is that America has been at her most prosperous when government and the private sector have been not at war but in a wary if often underplayed alliance. History is unmistakable on this point. 
Experience is one thing you can't get for nothing. 
Having been let out of the barn once I know I wouldn't be happy if I were home all the time. 
I don't think I could ever do a network sitcom because the humor is often based on some trite circumstance. I don't want to be a part of a show where it's mostly about coming up with the jokes. 
I'm the person who wouldn't send back my food even if I got steak when I'd ordered fish. 
To Follow by faith alone is to follow blindly. 
There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman? 
That government is best which governs least. 
I adore this adventure I adore working with youth. For me it's a daily challenge working to help these youths realize their dreams. 
Disappointment over nationalistic authoritarian regimes may have contributed to the fact that today religion offers a new and subjectively more convincing language for old political orientations. 
If we must not act save on a certainty we ought not to act on religion for it is not certain. But how many things we do on an uncertainty sea voyages battles! 
I'd like to believe that the people that have supported me in my work or identified with me in films the people that feel they know me they do and they don't have misconceptions - they understand. I believe that. 
Now I believe that lovers should be draped in flowers and laid entwined together on a bed of clover and left there to sleep left there to dream of their happiness. 
My mom has this great skiing event in Jackson Hole Wyoming every year for a local charity. 
The idea that men are created free and equal is both true and misleading: men are created different they lose their social freedom and their individual autonomy in seeking to become like each other. 
Natural beauty takes at least two hours in front of a mirror. 
She generally gave herself very good advice (though she very seldom followed it). 
Punishment is now unfashionable... because it creates moral distinctions among men which to the democratic mind are odious. We prefer a meaningless collective guilt to a meaningful individual responsibility. 
We therefore here in Britain stand shoulder to shoulder with our American friends in this hour of tragedy and we like them will not rest until this evil is driven from our world. 
Hamas is a terrorist organization dedicated to annihilating the Jewish state. It runs a theocratic totalitarian state in Gaza with no individual liberty and no freedom of speech or press. 
Only man clogs his happiness with care destroying what is with thoughts of what may be. 
You follow any family around you're going to see elation you're going to see disharmony. 
I'm afraid of being average. I have a real fear of being just another linebacker. 
Even though I never worked with her it was still really cool to have Brooke Shields on set. She was so nice and so funny. 
I was in the room with you know more than a dozen Republicans trying to negotiate the stimulus. Most of them decided the politics of the situation meant they should walk away even if it wasn't responsible in terms of what our country needed right then. 
I'm on the Sensa diet. It's a little magic powder based on Dr. Hirsh's clinical trials and studies and it basically signals the brain that you're full through smellology. 
It is easy enough to praise men for the courage of their convictions. I wish I could teach the sad young of this mealy generation the courage of their confusions. 
It would be a joy for me if someone who was working with me became a big success. 
Being from Africa is the best thing that could have ever ever happened to me. I cannot see it any other way. All of my fundamental principles that were instilled in me in my home from my childhood are still with me. 
I do love science fiction but it's not really a genre unto itself it always seems to merge with another genre. With the few movies I've done I've ended up playing with genre in some way or another so any genre that's made to mix with others is like candy to me. It allows you to use big mythic situations to talk about ordinary things. 
Ryan Leaf is doing great now. If he progresses the way he is now we're going to have a quarterback that's going to be reckoned with in the near future. And that's not political. 
It's true Christmas can feel like a lot of work particularly for mothers. But when you look back on all the Christmases in your life you'll find you've created family traditions and lasting memories. Those memories good and bad are really what help to keep a family together over the long haul. 
At one time I smoked but in 1959 I couldn't think of anything else to give up for Lent so I stopped - and I haven't had a cigarette since. 
I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father. 
The first two movies I directed failed when I was 21 and 23 and that was the greatest thing that could have happened. 
Young poets bewail the passing of love old poets the passing of time. There is surprisingly little difference. 
Believers look up - take courage. The angels are nearer than you think. 
I force people to have coffee with me just because I don't trust that a friendship can be maintained without any other senses besides a computer or cellphone screen. 
The courts cannot garnish a father's salary nor freeze his account nor seize his property on behalf of his children in our society. Apparently this is because a kid is not a car or a couch or a boat. 
The March on Washington affirmed our values as a people: equality and opportunity for all. Forty-one years ago during a time of segregation these were an ideal. 
You find happiness where you find it. 
Truth often suffers more by the heat of its defenders than the arguments of its opposers. 
Without feelings of respect what is there to distinguish men from beasts? 
Men admire the man who can organize their wishes and thoughts in stone and wood and steel and brass. 
All women in Hollywood are known as sex symbols. 
Naturally people are curious about how my real mom feels about me having a TV mom. 
Olympic Gold changed me and my life dramatically. I became a celebrity overnight and people see me as a famous skater not a real person. 
Candidly I believe most corporations actually don't mind big government. 
God is everywhere but He is most manifest in man. So serve man as God. That is as good as worshipping God. 
Well food's always the way to anybody's heart I think guy or girl. 
I had no idea that mothering my own child would be so healing to my own sadness from my childhood. 
I am highly offended by the total lack of acknowledgement of my contribution to Laker success. 
All is amiss. Love is dying faith's defying heart's denying. 
The Eskimos had fifty-two names for snow because it was important to them: there ought to be as many for love. 
If Jesus was here do you think Jesus would show me any love? Do you think Jesus would love me? 
The scientist does not study nature because it is useful he studies it because he delights in it and he delights in it because it is beautiful. 
In politics yesterday's lie is attacked only to flatter today's. 
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. 
To withdraw is not to run away and to stay is no wise action when there's more reason to fear than to hope. 
Men at most differ as Heaven and Earth but women worst and best as Heaven and Hell. 
I make personal appearances around the country. I'm starting a book tour now and I may be coming to Toronto with the Learning Annex which I'm doing all through the United States so that may come up just before Christmas. 
One person who has mastered life is better than a thousand persons who have mastered only the contents of books but no one can get anything out of life without God. 
Take the high road. No matter how much strife and consternation frustration and anger you might be confronted with - don't go to that level. 
The historic ascent of humanity taken as a whole may be summarized as a succession of victories of consciousness over blind forces - in nature in society in man himself. 
I do not know what the spirit of a philosopher could more wish to be than a good dancer. For the dance is his ideal also his fine art finally also the only kind of piety he knows his 'divine service.' 
Is there some principal of nature which states that we never know the quality of what we have until it is gone? 
I am trying to show the world that we are all human beings and that color is not important. What is important is the quality of our work. 
Taking pre-natal vitamins can minimise birth defects and can lower the chances both of morning sickness and premature delivery. 
We all know now that people can look good for their age. It isn't so extraordinary I don't know why people go on about it so much. 
I mostly drive around in a Fiat 500 TwinAir and that's a pretty small car! 
If God be God and man a creature made in image of the divine intelligence his noblest function is the search for truth. 
The great fear that hung over the business community in the 1970s was death by regulation and the great goal of the conservative movement as it rose to triumph in the 1980s was to remove that threat - to keep OSHA the EPA and the FTC from choking off entrepreneurship with their infernal meddling in the marketplace. 
The days you work are the best days. 
A man is ethical only when life as such is sacred to him that of plants and animals as that of his fellow men and when he devotes himself helpfully to all life that is in need of help. 
For all history up to the end of the Cold War summit meetings were historic and dramatic occasions when leaders who controlled the destiny of much of the world met to change the world. 
My faith has been the driving thing of my life. I think it is important that people who are perceived as liberals not be afraid of talking about moral and community values. 
I think my children know that Mother's priority is to be with them first. But I don't think it has to be an either/or situation. Work is very important to me and it wouldn't be in the best interest of my children for me to stay home seven days a week. 
We're teaching our kids that attributes as vague and relatively meaningless as a toothy smile or a fine head of hair make a fine statement about a person. 
It was one of the most exciting perfect evenings of my life my solo debut at Carnegie Hall. And knowing we were all there to raise money for Gay Men's Health Crisis made the evening an extraordinary experience. 
You can't really be strong until you see a funny side to things. 
If there is such a thing as a good marriage it is because it resembles friendship rather than love. 
As the daughter of a schoolteacher I feel very strongly that the most important thing in school takes place right there in that classroom and the interaction between the teacher and the child. 
Pop stardom is not very compelling. I'm much more interested in a relationship between performer and audience that is of equals. I came up through folk music and there's no pomp and circumstance to the performance. There's no like 'I'll be the rock star you be the adulating fan.' 
All the time a person is a child he is both a child and learning to be a parent. After he becomes a parent he becomes predominantly a parent reliving childhood. 
For this equilibrium now in sight let us trust that mankind as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past will find for itself a new code of ethics common to all made of tolerance of courage and of faith in the Spirit of men. 
It's not common for a woman on television especially if she's the mom of the family to be funny. She's usually a straight man or foil. 
Poetry does not consist of words alone there must be sentiment and fancy combination and arrangement. 
My dad lived till he was 78 my mum was in her 80s and I've got two uncles who are in their 90s now. 
I hated science in high school. Technology? Engineering? Math? Why would I ever need this? Little did I realize that music was also about science technology engineering and mathematics all rolled into one. 
I've always kind of lived my life to be as much as possible a positive role model for children. 
There comes a point in your moviegoing life where you look at the screen and then you look at the world and you ask 'What is going on?' You want the movies to show you the chaos and mess and risk and failure that are normal for a lot of us. Generally the movies hide all of that. 
I grew up in a very large family in a very small house. I never slept alone until after I was married. 
Nearly every study shows that competition from cheap foreign labor undercuts the wages of American workers and legal immigrants. 
It takes a lot of energy to be negative. You have to work at it. But smiling is painless. I'd rather spend my energy smiling. 
Is truth always positive? Of course. Once the truth comes out you know it's all right. We're scared that if the truth comes out that it's not all right. It's the other way around. 
If we take the generally accepted definition of bravery as a quality which knows no fear I have never seen a brave man. All men are frightened. The more intelligent they are the more they are frightened. 
Many forms sizes and colors I think there are heroes in sports in life... It would be cliche to say my dad my granddad. I think I'm a fan of people who were brave my aunt my grandmother those are my heroes. 
My dad loves what I do and I support my parents financially because they didn't have a job that gave them a pension. 
My parents were vegetarians. I'd show up at school this giant black kid with none of the cool clothes and a tofu sandwich and celery sticks. 
The human body is the best picture of the human soul. 
Public opinion is no more than this: what people think that other people think. 
I have a full life: I have two amazing kids I have great friends great family. And right now that's plenty for me to manage. A new relationship just seems like way too much work. 
Bracketing has turned all my experiences remembered and present into a gallery of miracles where I wander around dazzled by the beauty of events I cannot explain. 
The thought came to me that all one loves in art becomes beautiful. Beauty is nothing but the expression of the fact that something is being loved. Only thus could she be defined. 
Punk's influence on music movies art design and fashion is no longer in doubt. It is used as the measurement for what is cool. 
I feel like every project I've ever done has had music involved in it somehow. 
Justice requires that everyone should have enough to eat. But it also requires that everyone should contribute to the production of food. 
Major league baseball has asked its players to stop tossing baseballs into the stands during games because they say fans fight over them and they get hurt. In fact the Florida Marlins said that's why they never hit any home runs. It's a safety issue. 
It is difficult to imagine how any behavior in the presence of another person can avoid being a communication of one's own view of the nature of one's relationship with that person and how it can fail to influence that person. 
I regard romantic comedies as a subgenre of sci-fi in which the world operates according to different rules than my regular human world. 
I'm quite private. And I never wanted to be the biggest star in the world really. So in that sense I've got a good balance of doing great shows of making an appearance every now and then and writing music and I don't really have to do much else. 
I don't have the luxury of having a dog myself because I travel too much but I love walking and cuddling somebody else's dog. 
I don't do the whole 'Put my name on it make me famous' thing. 
Every human walks around with a certain kind of sadness. They may not wear it on their sleeves but it's there if you look deep. 
My mom was a seamstress and I wish I'd learned to sew because I'm obsessed with 'Project Runway!' 
I've thought for the last decade or so the only actual place raw truth was seeping through in newspapers was on the Comics Pages. They were able to pull off intelligent social comment pure truths not found elsewhere in the news pages and had the ability to make it all funny entertaining and pertinent. 
When the soul drifts uncertainly between life and the dream between the mind's disorder and the return to cool reflection it is in religious thought that we should seek consolation. 
The hope is they would like to bring it to Broadway next year so we'll see that's to come in the end of the finance year and everybody else and also real estate and what theaters are available at the time but I would like to come back with it. 
I'll keep on acting 'til they wipe the drool. I like the business. I like to do different parts and diverse characters. I haven't lost my enthusiasm yet! 
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living. 
I had a really creative teacher at primary school. He used to get us doing things such as singing Spandau Ballet in drag in the choir and I remember loving it. 
I get half a million just to show up at parties. My life is like really really fun. 
In particular the efforts to reestablish peace after the World War have been directed toward the formation of states and the regulation of their frontiers according to a consciously national program. 
Three groups spend other people's money: children thieves politicians. All three need supervision. 
When more and more people are thrown out of work unemployment results. 
There's only one thing that can kill the movies and that's education. 
I try to greet my friends with a drink in my hand a warm smile on my face and great music in the background because that's what gets a dinner party off to a fun start. 
The Internet has brought communities across the globe closer together through instant communication. 
I love jazz music and sad music. I'm a sentimental guy. I'm a romantic guy. 
We see our customers as invited guests to a party and we are the hosts. It's our job every day to make every important aspect of the customer experience a little bit better. 
In much of society research means to investigate something you do not know or understand. 
In the sense that you're not at the centre of power like a president or prime minister of a major power everyone is marginalised my position doesn't isn't unique in that respect. I think there are different sorts of relevance in different contexts. 
However things may seem no evil thing is success and no good thing is failure. 
A wise man should consider that health is the greatest of human blessings and learn how by his own thought to derive benefit from his illnesses. 
He that lives upon hope will die fasting. 
